hi everyone today I make very delicious
Korean style white fishy cake cut the
onion and carrots into 1-inch pieces
prepare three cloves of garlic cut 12
ounce of the hog or other white fishy
into 1-inch pieces grind the fishy for
about 5 seconds until the fish becomes
small pieces add the onion carrot garlic
and about 3 tbsp of water to the fish
grind them for a minute until they
become light pace
finely chop the green onion and hot
pepper in a mixing bowl combine the fish
mixture and the rest of the ingredients
mix well
you will get a thick consistency like
taro salmon spread a spoonful of the
fish mixture into a heated and oiled pan
fry them on medium high until both side
of the fish cakes become golden brown
you can prepare the fish mixture ahead
and fry it just before serving that way
it can be a good party food as an
appetizer or side dish try it someday
thank you for watching season okay bye